[framework] Cart is now Entity (#765)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-unreleased.md

There you can find links to upgrade notes for other versions too.

[Upgrade from v7.0.0-beta5 to Unreleased]: https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/compare/v7.0.0-beta5...HEAD

## [shopsys/framework]
### Application

> `Cart` has been slightly refactored, so change your usages appropriately:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cart` has been slightly refactored ((#765)[https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/765/]), so change your usages appropriately:
```

Author: updated

 - property `cartItems` has been renamed to `items`
 - method `getCartItemById` has been renamed to `getItemById`
 - method `getQuantifiedProductsIndexedByCartItemId` has been renamed to `getQuantifiedProductsIndexedByItemId`
 - method `findSimilarCartItemByCartItem` has been renamed to `findSimilarItemByItem`

`Cart` is now entity, so change your usages appropriately:
 - properties `user` and `cart_identifier` were moved from `CartItem` to `Cart`

>     - has new methods `getCartIdentifier`, `setModifeiedNow` and `setModifiedAt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- there are new methods `getCartIdentifier`, `setModifeiedNow` and `setModifiedAt`
```

or 

```suggestion
- added new methods `getCartIdentifier`, `setModifeiedNow` and `setModifiedAt`
```

Author: updated

>  - new property `modifiedAt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - added new property `modifiedAt`
```

Author: - updated

 - method's `addProduct` first parameter `CustomerIdentifier` has been removed 
 - method's `mergeWithCart` third parameter `CustomerIdentifier` has been removed

>  - methods `addItem`, `removeItemyId`, `getItems`, `getItemsCount`, `changeQuantities`, `getQuantifiedProductsIndexedByItemId`, `mergeWithCart` and `findSimilarItemByItem` has been changed so update them if you extended them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the implementation of methods `addItem`, `removeItemyId`, `getItems`, `getItemsCount`, `changeQuantities`, `getQuantifiedProductsIndexedByItemId`, `mergeWithCart` and `findSimilarItemByItem` has been changed so revise them if you extended them
```

Author: updated

 
`CartFactory` has been refactored, so change your usages appropriately:

>  - methods `get` and `createNewCart` has been removed use `CartFacade`'s `findCartOfCurrentCustomer`, `findCartByCustomerIdentifier`, `getCartOfCurrentCustomerCreateIfNotExists` or `getCartByCustomerIdentifierCreateIfNotExists` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - methods `get` and `createNewCart` has been removed, use `CartFacade`'s `findCartOfCurrentCustomer`, `findCartByCustomerIdentifier`, `getCartOfCurrentCustomerCreateIfNotExists` or `getCartByCustomerIdentifierCreateIfNotExists` instead
```

Author: updated

    - methods starting with `find` can return `null`
    - methods ending with `CreateIfNotExists` will always create new `Cart` in database, so use this methods only in case you are adding some items
 - method `clearCache` has been removed
 - attributes `carts`, `cartItemRepository` and `cartWatcherFacade` has been removed
 
`CartFacade` has been refactored, so change your usages appropriately:
 - it has four new methods for working with `Cart`
    - methods `findCartOfCurrentCustomer` and `findCartByCustomerIdentifier` will return `Cart` if it contains at least one `CartItem` or `null` if it is empty
    - methods `getCartOfCurrentCustomerCreateIfNotExists` and `getCartByCustomerIdentifierIfNotExists` will return `Cart` if it contains at least one `CartItem` or create one if it does not

>  - methods `addProductToCart`, `changeQuantities`, `deleteCartItem`, `getQuantifiedProductsOfCurrentCustomerIndexedByCartItemId` and `deleteOldCarts` has been changed so update them if you extended them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the implementation of methods `addProductToCart`, `changeQuantities`, `deleteCartItem`, `getQuantifiedProductsOfCurrentCustomerIndexedByCartItemId` and `deleteOldCarts` has been changed so revise them if you extended them
```

Author: updated

 - method `cleanCart` has been removed, use method `deleteCart` instead
 
`CartMigrationFacade` has been refactored, so change your usages appropriately:

>  - it no longer contains attribute `cartFactory` attribute it now includes `cartFacade` instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the constructor has changed
 - it no longer contains attribute `cartFactory`, it now includes `cartFacade` instead
```

Author: updated

>  - all methods has been changed, so update them if you extended them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - implementation of methods `mergeCurrentCartWithCart` and `onKernelController` has been changed, so revise them if you extended them
```

Author: updated

>  `CartItemRepository` class has been removed all its logic has been moved to new `CartRepository`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `CartItemRepository` class has been removed and all its logic has been moved to new `CartRepository`
```

Author: updated

 `CartItemFactory::create` and `CartItemFactoryInterface::create` methods has changed, its first parameter is no longer `CustomerIdentifier` but `Cart`

>  `CartController` on frontend has methods `indexAction` and `boxAction` updated

Reviewer: this should not be here - it is in project-base so the users should update the usages by following all the other instructions

Author: removed

>  Templates `Front/Content/Cart/index.html.twig` and `Front/Inline/Cart/cartBox.html.twig` has been updated to use `cart is not null` instead of `cart.itemsCount > 0` and `cart.isEmpty`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In twig templates (e.g. `Front/Content/Cart/index.html.twig` and `Front/Inline/Cart/cartBox.html.twig`), use `cart is not null` instead of `cart.itemsCount > 0` and `cart.isEmpty`
```

Author: updated

>  Tests have been updated because of changes in `Cart`, so change your usages appropriately:

Reviewer: I am not sure about the tests part, I would rewrite it this way:

```suggestion
 You would probably need to modify your tests as well, because of changes in `Cart`. You would need to revise the following classes:
```

Author: updated
